Once upon a time, there lived 3 dwarves. They were all ambitious. They want to be the best forgers in the world. However, they have a lot to learn. So then their journey begins.
They figured the first step to improving in their trade would be to consult the current forging experts. So, they began their journey headed toward the residence of Raphael Gilbert, 
who had made his home in an active volcano. They all admired him for this commitment to his trade and were excited to study at the feet of this master. Though a forging genius, 
Raphael was an ill-tempered man. Rumors of his cruelty were abundant. But, The dwarves knew that to be truly great, they would have to suffer through this. 
Much like the great Mr. Miyagi, Raphael made the 3 dwarves complete  many odd tasks in their journey to become the best. 
First, the dwarves were told to dive into the deepest depths of their world's ocean in search of a special pearl. Raphael informed them that there would be a lot of 
danger in this quest, so he told them that this was an important test in evaluating their skills and mettle. In order to face these dangers and find the pearl, the 3 dwarves 
had to create their own equipment. 
Another task Raphael had the dwarves complete, and arguably the most strenuous, was to mine a special kind of 
diamond that only exists in the center of active volcanos. The dwarves had to venture deep into the depths of the volcano Raphael called home, 
climbing over jagged rock formations and trudging through lava rivers to find the location of the diamond vein, which they mined and brought back to Raphael. 
Upon seeing their success in his final test for them, he said: "You're ready."
The final task that Raphael had for the dwarves was to slay the almighty dragon who ruled under the the volcano. This dragon was the fiercest of them all, showing no mercy
to anyone. The three dwarves, although ill prepared, still went to battle. They went in with their own weapons that they created themselves using the materials they gathered on
the previous tasks. This final task is not only a test of their forging abilities, but also a test of their will to fight. So down to the deepest parts of the volcano they go
and then they meet him. The great dragon!! The dwarves fought long and hard. Fighting for 4 whole days and nights. Until finally, one of the dwarves plunged his sword into the dragon's
head, slaying the dragon. They have passed this test! The dwarves are on their way to be the best forgers yet. However, this is only the end of the beginning, they still have 
a long way to go before become the best forgers in the world. They are indeed great, but they are not the best yet. Practice and experience is all they still need, and there
is only one way to get that. Which is by forging more and more. Only then will they be the best. The dwarves know this, so then they went on to forge to their hearts' desire.

The End!
